well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so today we're going to talk about the
internet and what a wonderful place it
is
and now it has provided us new tools
and uh new methods of reaching out to
people people who at times
may just want to sit in their own little
echo chamber
because you know before this
you had to look for an opposing view
you couldn't just find one you couldn't
stumble upon one by accident
you had to seek one out and now
yeah people can still tailor their feeds
uh just reinforce their own beliefs
people do it all the time but there's
always a way to sneak
in now like hypothetically speaking
if the biden campaign got the domain
keepamericagreat.com
they did and they created a website
that highlighted everything that trump
said
was going to happen versus what did
happen
during his administration they did
um
and just pointed out that
he's not running for reelection he's
begging for a do-over
when you hear his campaign speeches he's
talking about
all of the bad things that have happened
in the last four years and blaming it on
the democrats because he can't accept
responsibility for his own failures as
president
he's not a leader he never has been
that's what he wants he wants people to
forget the last four years
blame that on the radical left of joe
biden
and uh and just
let him do what has always
occurred in his life him to
be able to lie his way out him to be
able to
get away without accountability that's
what he wants
now if people
were to say i don't know
start posting keepamerica great.com
on facebook or tweeting it out with a
little message that
makes it seem as though
they support trump trump supporters
they would probably click on that link
and they would be confronted by that
it may not do any good as far as the
policy goes
but a whole lot of trump supporters
don't care about policy they don't know
policy because he doesn't have any he
doesn't actually have policy to run on
he runs on belittling people
trolling them owning the libs
it would uh probably be pretty effective
to show that
he can't even do that right anymore
when joe biden as technologically savvy
as he
is was uh able to take his campaign
domain name
i think it's probably something that
trump voters should see
if anybody was willing to tweet that out
perhaps under the
hashtag trump2020 landslide or something
along those lines
um you know kind of inserted
among a bunch of pro-trump
content people would find it they'd be
confronted with it
they would have to accept not only is he
of failure as a president
he's not even the cool internet troll
they thought he was
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day